# Space-Defender
In this game you play as a lone rebel warrior attempting to defend Earth from the visious alien foes descsending on the planet. I made this game in under a week. The goal of the game is to test the player's patience, timing, and ingenuity.
# Controls
In short, this game is unique in that you must press and hold buttons in order to use them. For instance, to move right press and hold U, K, and B for just the right amount of time. Click anywhere to pause. In this game you must press and hold R, D, and V at the same time in order to move left and press and hold U, K, and B at the same time in order to move right. Press and hold the spacebar in order to shoot bombs. The game ends when the song ends you must survive until the end without a “game over”. You cannot skip ahead in the song. You advance one level each time you defeat 20 enemies. Deafeating an enemy gets you 15 points. After each level the speed of the enemies increases slightly. The game is about timing your movements and keeping track of all 6 lanes that enemies may try to attack you from. If 5 enemies slip past your defenses its game over. In order to restart the game at anytime simply refresh the page. These instructions also appear on the game main page: evandelia.github.io/Space-Defender
# Cheats
There are currently two known ways to cheat and win the game. Are you clever enough to find them. The cheats exploit the way the computer processes key strokes and how often the javascript engine requests an animation frame. If you find any cheats please email me at deliaevan1@gmail.com. If you complete the game send me a screenshot and I will post the screenshot to the webpage under a leaderboard section.
